README.MD, before:

# (Y)et (A)nother (R)equirements (M)anagement Tool

Or just Yarm is an attempt to create FOSS requirements management tool for technological companies.

## Motivation
Often building a complex system e.g. new satellite, machine tool, IT system, medical equipment starts with describng requirements. Then  you realise that the final product must meet other requirements. Then you start working withsubconractors and exchange documents that describes certain part of the system. 
There are two main approaches to handle documentation regarding the system that is being created:
- Document based model
- Model based system engineering

The goal of Yarm is to provide tool a FOSS tool that would help to document the complex system that your working on.


Issues:
- Information exchange among entities, prevent appearing of docs with names ..._final_final_v23(finally final)
- Internal knowledge system and possibility to refer to section of documents without copypaste. E.g. you have one big document that contains information about the product that is made from many parts. If you need to share some information with your subcontractor rather than copypasting from the main document you can create a new document that refers to the main. As the result you'll get single source of trues rather than tens of document that is hard to maintain.

## For whom
- Systems Engineers
- Project & Product managers
- Everyone who works with complex systems

## For what companies
- IT 
- Aerospace
- Medical companies
- Robotics
 
 
 ## Alternatives

 - [IBM Doors](https://www.ibm.com/business-operations/requirements-management)
 - [JAMA](https://www.jamasoftware.com/)
 - [objectif-rm](https://www.microtool.de/en/products/objectif-rm/download-now/)
 - [Orcanos](https://www.orcanos.com/compliance/products/requirements-management/?r=rmt&dpm=39780)

Commit message:

- Fixed typo - Added link to a great review of rm tools

README.MD, after:

# (Y)et (A)nother (R)equirements (M)anagement Tool

Or just Yarm is an attempt to create FOSS requirements management tool for technological companies.

## Motivation
Often building a complex system e.g. new satellite, machine tool, IT system, medical equipment starts with describng requirements. Then  you realise that the final product must meet other requirements. Then you start working withsubconractors and exchange documents that describes certain part of the system. 
There are two main approaches to handle documentation regarding the system that is being created:
- Document based model
- Model based system engineering

The goal of Yarm is to provide tool a FOSS tool that would help to document the complex system that your working on.


Issues:
- Information exchange among entities, prevent appearing of docs with names ..._final_final_v23(finally final)
- Internal knowledge system and possibility to refer to section of documents without copypaste. E.g. you have one big document that contains information about the product that is made from many parts. If you need to share some information with your subcontractor rather than copypasting from the main document you can create a new document that refers to the main. As the result you'll get single source of truth rather than tens of document that is hard to maintain.

## For whom
- Systems Engineers
- Project & Product managers
- Everyone who works with complex systems

## For what companies
- IT 
- Aerospace
- Medical companies
- Robotics
 
 
 ## Alternatives

 - [IBM Doors](https://www.ibm.com/business-operations/requirements-management)
 - [JAMA](https://www.jamasoftware.com/)
 - [objectif-rm](https://www.microtool.de/en/products/objectif-rm/download-now/)
 - [Orcanos](https://www.orcanos.com/compliance/products/requirements-management/?r=rmt&dpm=39780)
 - [Visure](https://visuresolutions.com/requirements-management-rm-tools)
 - [30 BEST Requirements Management Tools (Mar 2022 Update)](https://www.guru99.com/requirement-management-tools.html)
